I want this to go into commit

1. git init: only use for the first time only, if you run this command again it will reinitilize the repositary, which we don not want.
2. git add --a : all the changes will get staged. (committed)
3. git add first.txt: add only the file which you want is good. Do not add the files you are not sure of will work fine.
4. git status: to look at the status of the repository, track changes etc.
5. git log: see the changes time by person etc. all info.
6. git commmit -m "xxxx yyyyy" : see the commits and messages put (eg: bugs fixed etc)
7. rm -rf .git : Deletes the git content of the repository. No tracking of the repo from now. 
8. git diff: compares modified files with that of the staging area
9. git add -a -m "Direct commit": skips the staging part and commits directly, untrakcked files cannot be commited directly, we need to add that file first and then commit changes
10. git rm third.txt: removes and adds it to the staging processes (manually we'll have to add the file and then run this, which is a complicated process)
11. git mv first.txt first_rename.txt: renames/moves the files and adds it to the staging process
12. git rm --cached dbb.accdb: untracks the previously tracked files (let's say that we were trcking this file, and we no longer need this tracking and hence added to the gitignore, but it will still track since it was previously tracked by the git) 
13. git log -p: see the last change
14. git log -p -n (n=1,2,3,4): see the last n changes, the differences
15. git log --stat: what the files and lines changes etc in summarized ways in the previous commits 
16. git log --pretty=oneline/short/full: See all the changes in the commits in onelines, shorts, and full versions
17. git log --since=2.days/months/years: see the past 2 days, months,years commits etc.
18. git log --pretty=format: "%h -- an": See the log file in a different format with hashes(h) and author names(an)-- check this website https://git-scm.com/docs/git-log
19. git commit --amend: Adds to the commits with author name to be added into the pop up file

Finally use git log to see the final stages.